14 Types of Backlinks: the Good, the Bad, and the Best - Alexa Blog Skip to content How to Use Alexa SEO Analysis Competitive Website Analysis Keyword Research Target Audience Analysis Check Backlinks Marketing Resources Marketing Overview SEO Content Marketing PPC Advertising Influencer Marketing Niche Marketing Staff Picks How to Find Low Competition Keywords How to Create an SEO Audit Report How to Find Guest Blogging Sites How to Analyze Competitor Keywords How to Rank on Google Competitive Analysis Template Download Your eBook Log in START YOUR FREE TRIAL How to Use Alexa SEO Analysis Competitive Website Analysis Keyword Research Target Audience Analysis Check Backlinks Marketing Resources Marketing Overview SEO Content Marketing PPC Advertising Influencer Marketing Niche Marketing Staff Picks How to Find Low Competition Keywords How to Create an SEO Audit Report How to Find Guest Blogging Sites How to Analyze Competitor Keywords How to Rank on Google Competitive Analysis Template Download Your eBook Log in START YOUR FREE TRIAL Home>SEO>14 Types of Backlinks: the Good, the Bad, and the Best 14 Types of Backlinks: the Good, the Bad, and the Best 7 minute read Acquiring backlinks is an essential part of an effective SEO plan. Links tell search engines that a site is recognized, trusted, and, therefore, worthy of a top spot on search engine results pages (SERPs). But it’s not just the number of backlinks that appeals to search engines; it’s also the types of backlinks. Depending on the link type, backlinks have varying levels of influence on search engine rankings and on the results you can see from acquiring them Click & Tweet! . The rest of this post will look at the different types of backlinks, explain their value, and offer tips for how you can acquire the most valuable and effective backlinks. 3 Factors That Impact Link Value Before we review a full list of backlink types, it’s important to understand what makes a link valuable. As mentioned above, backlinks are not all created equal. There are a variety of factors that can make backlinks more valuable than others, and there are also some that make a link very bad for SEO. The 3 main factors that impact link value include the following: 1. The Authority of the Linking Site The most valuable types of backlinks come from quality websites. Links from sites that are recognized as top authoritative resources will send more positive signals to search engines than links from low-quality, lesser-known sites. The most valuable types of backlinks come from quality websites. Click To Tweet To determine the authority of a site (and the value of a link), look at the linking site’s Alexa Rank. The better (i.e., lower) the Alexa Rank of the linking site, the better the link is for SEO. Sites with a low Alexa Rank are more authoritative than sites with a high Alexa Rank. You can check a site’s Alexa Rank using Alexa’s Site Overview tool. 2. Do Follow vs. No Follow Status When a publisher adds a link to their website, they can use HTML code to set the link as either “do follow” or “no follow.” Do follow links tell search engines to notice and give SEO value to the links. No follow links tell search engines to ignore the links and give them less SEO value. Because do follow links send better signals to search engines, they are more valuable than no follow links. You want links to your site to be coded as do follow. However, a no follow backlink can still drive traffic to your website. Because do follow links send better signals to search engines, they are more valuable than no follow links. Click To Tweet To know if a link is a do follow or no follow, you can use the NoFollow Simple Chrome extension to easily check the link’s code. Google and the Google logo are registered trademarks of Google LLC, used with permission. 3. On-Site Link Location Websites are set up in sections, and how valuable a link is may be impacted by the section in which it appears. The most valuable links are placed within the main body content of the site. Links may not receive the same value from search engines when they appear in the header, footer, or sidebar of the page. This is an important factor to keep in mind as you seek to build high-quality backlinks. Look to build links that will be included in the main body content of a site. The Best Types of Backlinks Now that you know what makes backlinks valuable, let’s look at a list of the best backlinks for SEO. As you learn how to create backlinks, these are the strategies that will provide the best long-term SEO results. Editorial Backlinks The best types of links in SEO come from editorial mentions. An editorial mention is when another website refers and links to your website in a piece of quality content. An editorial backlink may be included as: Citing someone from your company or something from your content as a source of information Referring to your website as a resource for additional information Citing your website as the creator of an infographic Including your website or content in a link roundup Interviewing someone associated with your website The best types of links in SEO come from editorial mentions. Click To Tweet How to Get Editorial Backlinks: Develop a strong content marketing Create high-quality, evergreen content that serves as a go-to resource. Create shareable content that other sites will want to talk about. Publish content that shows your website and brand as a thought leader in your industry so that other sites will want to cite, source, and interview you. Use Alexa’s Competitor Keyword Matrix to find popular keywords and topics you haven’t written about yet. Consider keyword popularity to find trending topics you can write about on your website. Guest Blogging Backlinks Guest posting is another way to acquire valuable backlinks. When you submit a guest post to a website, you’re often allowed to include an editorial backlink within your content. These types of backlinks are a reliable way to build trust and authority through other influential publications. How to Get Guest Blogging Backlinks: Build a list of valuable guest blogging sites and master guest blogging outreach. Business Profile Backlinks In most cases, when you create an online profile for a business, you can include a link back to your website. These links on business listings, social media networks, and industry-specific directories show search engines that a website is established and high quality. How to Get Business Profile Backlinks: Create profiles on well-known directories or review sites (such as Yellow Pages, Yelp, Foursquare, Capterra, etc.) in your industry. Or consider using a service like Synup or Yext that creates and manages profiles for you. Webinar Links Creating a valuable resource on your site often encourages other sites to link back to it. A high-value piece of content that often leads to links is a webinar recording. Other sites frequently link to or even embed other brand’s webinars on their site, leading to both links and brand mentions. How to Get Webinar Backlinks: Repurpose your webinars by posting them as recordings on your website so people can visit and link to them. Use blog promotion to attract attention to the webinar recording, and find guest blogging sites that may be interested in using the webinar as resource on their site. Free Tool Links Another way to get sites to link back to something valuable on your site is by offering a free tool. A free tool could be a basic tool (like an auto loan calculator) or a scaled down version of a paid tool (like Alexa’s Site Overview and Audience Overlap tools). If the tools are valuable enough, others will link to them in their content. Plus, on free versions of paid tools, you can add call-to-actions to sign up for the full product/service which drives acquisition in addition to awareness. How to Get Free Tool Backlinks: Create a simple tool or free version of your paid tool. Use Alexa’s Audience Overlap tool to find sites that have a similar audience who would be interested in using your tool, and use guest blogging outreach to connect with the sites and see if they would like to feature your free tool. Good Types of Backlinks There are other types of backlinks that don’t provide as much value as those listed above, but can still support your overall link profile and help boost your SEO. Acknowledgment Backlinks An acknowledgment backlink is when a website mentions and links to a website in reference to a relationship or sponsorship. These links typically don’t have much content related to the brand or what they do, and instead, are simple mentions that: Indicate that the brand made a donation Show that someone from the brand is speaking at or sponsoring an event Include a testimonial for the linking website’s brand How to Get Acknowledgment Backlinks: Use Alexa’s Competitor Backlink Checker to find backlinks your competitors get traffic from. Identify sites where they acquired acknowledgment backlinks, and look for places in those sites’ content where you can do the same. Guest Post Bio Backlinks In some cases, guest blogging sites don’t allow or won’t include a link back to the author’s site within the main body of content. Instead, they allow the author to include a link in the author bio. While not as valuable as a link in the body of the post, bio backlinks can still add value to a website’s link portfolio. How to Get Guest Bio Backlinks: Use the same guest posting strategies mentioned above and also perform a backlink analysis on your competitors to see where they have acquired guest post links. Badge Backlinks A way to build backlinks by providing value to other sites is through branded badges. A branded badge is an award that a brand creates and gives out to other sites as a status symbol. For example, you could create a list of the top sites or best brands that are published on your site, and then give badges to each brand on the list so that they can show the status on their site. You include a link back to the article on the badge to create the link. Credit: Scary Mommy How to Get Badge Backlinks: Look for a group of sites that you can qualify together and create a badge to identify them. To find similar sites, use Alexa’s Audience Overlap tool to identify groups of sites that share themes and audiences. Newsworthy Press Release Backlinks A press release can serve double duty for marketing efforts. It can alert media outlets about your news and also help your website gain backlinks. But it can only build links effectively if executed properly. Only write and distribute press releases when a brand has something newsworthy or interesting to share Click & Tweet! . This strategy can gain links on the actual press release post as well as on the stories that media outlets write about it. How to Get Press Release Backlinks: When your brand has news, write a press release and use a service like PRWeb or Newswire to distribute it to media outlets. Comment Backlinks When you comment on a blog post, you are usually allowed to include a link back to your website. This is often abused by spammers and can become a negative link building tool. But if you post genuine comments on high-quality blog posts, there can be some value in sharing links, as it can drive traffic to your site and increase the visibility of your brand. How to Get Comment Backlinks: Don’t overdo it with this strategy. Only focus on commenting on relevant, high-quality blogs or forums related to your industry. To find sites relevant to your industry and audience, use Alexa’s Audience Overlap tool to find similar sites your audience uses. Bad Types of Backlinks Because high quality backlinks are such an important part of SEO, it’s easy to believe that every link, no matter how valuable, is beneficial. But not all links are valuable. Some links have little to no value, while others can actually negatively impact SEO Click & Tweet! . As you engage in link building, avoid creating these types of backlinks. Paid Links While it can seem like an easy way to acquire links, you should not pay other publishers and websites to link to your site. Google explicitly says that buying or selling links “can negatively impact a site’s ranking in search results.” Non-Newsworthy Press Releases As mentioned above, interesting and newsworthy press releases can help a brand gain attention and links. But it can also appear spammy if a brand repeatedly spreads press releases that aren’t newsworthy and are created for the sole intention of gaining links. General Business and Article Directory Links Just as you don’t want to overdo it with press releases, you also don’t want to overreach with directory listings. Stick to the most trustworthy, authoritative, and industry-relevant directories and don’t create profiles on spammy directories just for the purpose of generating links. Forum Links Joining dozens of forums for the purpose of posting links back to your site is also bad. Only join high-quality forums where authentic discussions are the primary purpose, not spamming a thread with posts about your content and brand. Build a Better Backlink Strategy Links are an essential part of any good SEO strategy. But remember, it’s not just about the quantity of links; it’s also about the quality of the links Click & Tweet! . There are different types of backlinks that come with varying levels of value and importance. Create your link building plans around acquiring top-tier links that will be the most beneficial to your SEO. To find the best backlinks for SEO, sign up for a free trial of Alexa’s Advanced Plan. You’ll get access to all of the audience, industry, and keyword research tools mentioned in this post that can help you build an effective link building plan. SUBSCRIBE TO THE ALEXA BLOG Get expert marketing insights delivered Receive new SEO, content marketing, and competitive analysis tips straight to your inbox. Subscribe × SUBSCRIBE TO THE ALEXA BLOG First Name* Email* Job Function* Select one… Marketing – Generalist Marketing – SEO Marketing – Content Marketing – Advertising Business Owner Business Development Sales Analyst / Researcher Investor Journalist Webmaster Other Industry* Select one… Media / Publishing Marketing / Advertising Services Ecommerce Software Consumer Goods Professional Services Finance & Investment Non-profit Education Government Other Company Size* Select one… 1 2 – 10 11 – 50 51 – 100 101 – 250 251 – 500 > 500 By submitting this form, you agree to Alexa’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Related Posts Social Media, SEO, and Why You’re Thinking About It Wrong December 23rd, 2019 | 0 Comments Why Keyword Rankings Are a Terrible SEO KPI (and What You Should Track Instead) December 18th, 2019 | 0 Comments Internal Links: Best Practices to Drive More Traffic and Revenue November 6th, 2019 | 0 Comments About the Author: Jennifer Yesbeck Jennifer is Marketing Manager at Alexa. With a knack for syntax and passion for building connections, she drives daily content strategy to bring you the latest and greatest happenings within Alexa and the wide world of web analytics and marketing. Recent Posts What Is Social Media Optimization (SMO)? A Guide for Content Marketers How to Do a Marketing SWOT Analysis for a New Client 19 Content Marketing Conferences to Put on Your Calendar for 2020 Social Media, SEO, and Why You’re Thinking About It Wrong Why Keyword Rankings Are a Terrible SEO KPI (and What You Should Track Instead) SUBSCRIBE TO THE ALEXA BLOG Subscribe × SUBSCRIBE TO THE ALEXA BLOG First Name* Email* Job Function* Select one… Marketing – Generalist Marketing – SEO Marketing – Content Marketing – Advertising Business Owner Business Development Sales Analyst / Researcher Investor Journalist Webmaster Other Industry* Select one… Media / Publishing Marketing / Advertising Services Ecommerce Software Consumer Goods Professional Services Finance & Investment Non-profit Education Government Other Company Size* Select one… 1 2 – 10 11 – 50 51 – 100 101 – 250 251 – 500 > 500 By submitting this form, you agree to Alexa’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. © Alexa Internet, Inc. 1996 - 2019 | Privacy | Terms FacebookTwitterLinkedIn SEO 14 Types of Backlinks: the Good, the Bad, and the Best SEO The 25-Point SEO Checklist You Need to Drive More … SEO SEM vs. SEO: What’s the Difference and Which is …

Inbound Link Building 101: 33 White Hat Ways to Build Backlinks for SEO English 日本語 Deutsch English Español Português Français Contact Us Log in Get HubSpot free Contact Us Software Free HubSpot CRM All your contacts and companies, 100% free. Marketing Hub All-in-one marketing software, starting at $0/month. Sales Hub All-in-one sales software, starting at $0/month. Service Hub All-in-one customer service software, starting at $0/month. New App Marketplace Find HubSpot apps for the tools and software you use to run your business. Pricing Resources Blog Read marketing, sales, agency, and customer success blog content. Customer Stories Hear from the businesses that use HubSpot to grow better every day. Developers New Create apps and custom integrations for businesses using HubSpot. Ebooks, Guides & More Get access to HubSpot’s most popular marketing resources. Onboarding & Services Find training and consulting services to help you thrive with HubSpot. Research & Reports Get up-to-date research and data on hot business trends. Free Courses & Certifications Take courses on the latest business trends, taught by industry experts. What Is Inbound? Get a primer on how inbound helps your business grow better. Customer Support Get help if you have questions about using HubSpot software. Partners Hire a Partner Find a partner in our global community of service providers who can help you grow. Partner With Us Explore our sales, agency, and app partnership programs. About Company About Us Contact Us Management Team Board of Directors Careers News HubSpot News Press Resources Speakers Investors Investor Relations Get HubSpot free Marketing Sales Service Website Subscribe Subscribe to Our Blog Stay up to date with the latest marketing, sales, and service tips and news. Subscribe via Email Subscribe on Slack Subscribe via Email Marketing Sales Service Agency Email Address We're committed to your privacy. HubSpot uses the information you provide to us to contact you about our relevant content, products, and services. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, check out our privacy policy. Back to other options Thank You! Get HubSpot free Marketing | 13 min read Inbound Link Building 101: 33 White Hat Ways to Build Backlinks for SEO Written by Corey Northcutt @corey_northcutt There’s no question that building great inbound links to your site is hard work. While many site owners resort to spamming blog comment sections to get their backlinks, that’s neither necessary, nor effective for your SEO efforts. But it's probably just a last-ditch effort since, although there's much talk about generating inbound links, the nitty-gritty ways to actually do that are rarely discussed. But link building strategies aren't as tough to implement as many people say they are. Think of it like social media -- if you’re a source of great content and you get it in front of the right people, they’re going to share it. With that in mind, we'll get you started with 33 ideas to help you build legitimate inbound links. Read on to see how to use these link building tools in your SEO strategy. Tools for Link Building Maintain a steady blog with great content. Link to other blogs on your blog. Write guest blog posts. Curate and publish helpful resource lists. Do expert roundups to build relationships. Write newsjack posts. Create case studies about your most impressive clients. Volunteer to be the subject of a case study. Administer surveys. Write book reviews. Conduct free webinars and post archived copies online. Create free tools. Create shareable templates. Create compelling infographics. Create other forms of visual content. Create SlideShare presentations. Do something funny. Write press releases about interesting company news. Send out a joint press release when your news involves another company. Do some outreach when you have big news or a great piece of content. Set up press request alerts and look for opportunities to send quotes. Write and pitch op-ed articles. Partner with companies in complementary industries. Do some co-marketing. Ask for reviews. Make friends with other webmasters in real life. Search for and monitor mentions of your brand. Search for and monitor your competitors' backlinks. Incorporate "Tweet This" links into your content. Install social sharing widgets. Sponsor or speak at an event. Help another webmaster fix an error on their site. Give away free trials and sneak-peeks of your product. What Are Backlinks / Inbound Links? Backlinks, or inbound links, are a form of off-page SEO where you earn links from other websites that direct readers to your own site. The person receiving the link is one the who refers to a link as a backlink. For example, here's a backlink to our co-founder Dharmesh Shah's blog. Shah could say, "I received a backlink from HubSpot." Backlinks (i.e., inbound links) are different from outbound links (links from your website to another website) and internal links (links from one website to another page on that same website). You can learn more about the differences between all three link types here. The right backlinks can do two great things for your website: They can drive traffic to your website. If someone posts a backlink to your website on their website or blog, their readers might click on it -- and you'll benefit from that referral traffic. For example, many of you who clicked the link to Shah's blog up there may not have visited his blog otherwise. They can help you rank higher in search. Backlinks tell search engines that your website is an authority on a certain subject -- so the more backlinks you earn from high-quality, high-authority sites, the better your website will rank in search engine results pages (SERPs). A good inbound link comes from an authoritative website, and uses natural anchor text. Anchor text is simply the text copy that's hyperlinked, like this (the anchor text there is "like this"). Natural anchor text means you're not just hyperlinking keywords left and right. Google understands the context of a link, so more generic "learn more" and "click here" anchor text can be just as valuable as keyword-optimized anchor text. 33 Link Building Strategies to Earn Backlinks and Boost Your Search Rank 1. Maintain a steady blog with great content. Consistently creating great blog content that people naturally want to link to is one of the most tried and true ways to organically generate inbound links. 2. Link to other blogs on your blog. A blog is meant to be a social tool. The more you link to others -- especially when you do it in a consistent, opportunity-driven way -- the greater likelihood one of those bloggers will return the favor. Plus, you can't cover everything about everything on your blog. It makes sense to leverage the wealth of resources on the web to make your blog's experience better and more rewarding for your readers. 3. Write guest blog posts. Write a great blog post, and shop it around to blogs it'd be a good fit for. If one accepts, they should be willing to give you an inbound link in the post. Don't know whom to write for? Most media outlets allow people to submit original articles on topics relevant to their readership. Here are guest blogging instructions and guidelines for 11 top media outlets, including The New York Times, Business Insider, HBR.org, Mashable, and more. 4. Curate and publish helpful resource lists. Resource lists are both great link bait and helpful content for your readers. If you create a comprehensive resource list, it'll be easy for other bloggers to link to it in their own posts instead of rehashing and curating all that content themselves. To give you an idea of what one might look like, here's an example of a list we curated for free content creation tools and resources. 5. Do expert roundups to build relationships. Expert roundups can be a great tool for building relationships with influencers. While these roundups may not get you a lot of inbound links or leads right away, building relationships with influencers will help you get solid backlinks from authoritative sources down the line. After they contribute to your roundup, you can reach out to them later to ask about a guest post opportunity or something else -- while thanking them again for contributing to the previous expert roundup. Here's an example of an expert roundup we did, where we reached out to successful marketers and asked them how they got started. 6. Write newsjack posts. Newsjacking is when you capitalize on the popularity of a news story to amplify your own sales and marketing success. If you're the first blogger to comment on a news event, you'll rise to the top of the SERPs due to the "freshness" component of Google's algorithm, and others will link to your content in their own accounts of the story. Read this blog post for four newsjack formulas to get you started. 7. Create case studies about your most impressive clients. If you make your clients look good in case studies about their business, you can bet they'll be linking to your site. But you've got to make them good. This means choosing companies that have seen the best results, are enthusiastic, and know your product or service well. It also means asking the right questions and laying out the case study in an attractive, comprehensive way. Here's a free case study template to get you started. 8. Volunteer to be the subject of a case study. Why not get on the other side of the case study link love? We're always looking for customers who are willing to be the subject of a case study. Volunteer your time for one of your major vendors, and get a backlink from the case study once it's published. 9. Administer surveys. ... And promise to share the data with others. If you do the data collection and crunching and give some high authority sites access to the findings afterwards, you can bet they'll do some promotion and inbound linking for you to make sure you have a great sample size. Download this free guide for how to use online surveys in your marketing. 10. Write book reviews. If you provide a comprehensive review about another author's content, there's a good chance they (and others) will link to it. Here's an example of a book review from InsightSquared's blog, which sums up The Challenger Sale in what they promise is an eight-minute read or less. 11. Conduct free webinars, and post archived copies online. If it’s informative, your attendees will absolutely share it. One easy way to do this is to turn your PowerPoint presentation slides into a SlideShare presentation, and then embed that presentation into a blog post. You can also embed it into the webinar's landing page so that anyone looking to sign up for a webinar that's already over can check out the presentation. For an even better shot at backlinks to these archived webinar pages, partner up with another company, brand, or influencer for the webinar in the first place. Not only do two well-aligned brands make for a powerful presentation, but it'll widen the audience -- even after the webinar is over. (Learn tips on creating a webinar in this blog post.) 12. Create free tools. Remember when I talked about curating and publishing resource lists for your blog in #4? What do you think people include and link to on those resource lists? Free tools are a big one. You can get on the other side of those resource lists by creating free tools that are really helpful for your target customers. Here at HubSpot, for example, we created Website Grader, a tool to which many agencies, partners, and others in our industry link. 13. Create shareable templates. Like free tools, templates are another thing people will find useful enough to link to. Before you create a template, think about what kind of templates would make people's jobs easier. A designer, for example, might create a library of downloadable business card templates to which others could link over and over. Bookmarkable content is often the kind of content that gets tons of inbound links. 14. Create compelling infographics. People absolutely love to share infographics. If you create an original infographic yourself, people will link back to you as the original source. To increase the likelihood of an inbound link, you might also share your design with the sources you cited, and make the embed code for your infographic easily accessible. Not a designer? Anyone can create professional-looking, high-quality infographics -- and quickly with templates like these 15 free infographic templates. If you want to learn how to create an infographic in under an hour using those templates, read this blog post. 15. Create other forms of visual content. Remember that cartoons, content visualizations, charts and graphs, and the like are extremely popular as people become more and more visual. Plus, they take a little time and money to make, so if you've done the legwork, others will probably skip the fuss of creating their own visual content and link to yours instead. Here's a list of 29 free online design tools so you can create your own graphics, regardless of how tech-savvy you are. 16. Create SlideShare presentations. Slice one of your infographics into pieces, or repurpose one from your last speaking gig. You can put these up on your blog, in your website's resource center, or even on a SlideShare account for more links. Keep in mind that the most shareable presentations are the ones that are the most compelling. That means great content and great design. Read this blog post for a start-to-finish guide on nailing your next PowerPoint presentation. 17. Do something funny. Funny things spread like wildfire. Think about the funny inside jokes in your industry, and capitalize on it with some humorous content that's linkable. Even boring industries can find the humor in something -- here are seven examples to prove it. (Just be careful that you understand your audience and how they're likely to respond so that nothing is taken offensively.) 18. Write press releases about interesting company news. By turning your PR strategy into an inbound one, you create opportunities that weren’t there before and carve out a place for your company, building meaningful mindshare in the process with your target audiences. Once you write a great press release, post it up on your website and then push out your releases to one of the big newswires to get more coverage. 19. Send out a joint press release when your news involves another company. This can help reach thousands of other related sites that, in a press release about just your company, may not have linked to your site. 20. Do some outreach when you have big news or a great piece of content. Gaining attention from the press and getting published in industry publications can help you build your brand, increase your visible expertise, improve your credibility, and, of course, get backlinks from authoritative sources. First, create a dedicated page about the story on your website for them to link to as a resource. Then, reach out to a handful of journalists and/or publications that you can see really valuing your story. Be sure you give context to your request, you follow their rules, you write a compelling subject line to your pitch email, and that you're helpful, not boastful. Read this blog post to learn more about pitching your story to journalists (which includes two email templates right in the post). 21. Set up press request alerts and look for opportunities to send quotes. Press request alerts are requests for sources of information from journalists. These journalists are constantly looking for quotes from specific people to feature in their article, and there are several mediums they use to send requests and find those quotes. Here's a list from HubSpot's Director of Acquisition Matthew Barby of the services you can sign up for to receive alerts from journalists in your inbox: HARO (one of the most popular free services) Muck Rack (paid service) Gorkana (paid service) Source Bottle (free service) NARO PR (free service) #JournoRequest (Twitter hashtag used by journalists) #PRrequest (Twitter hashtag used by journalists) Because of the high volume of requests you'll receive, he also recommends creating email filters or folders to keep yourself organized. (Learn how to create filters in Gmail here.) 22. Write and pitch op-ed articles. If you have an interesting opinion to share and can express it clearly and persuasively in an op-ed article, you could have the opportunity to reach a lot of people, earn recognition for yourself and your organization, and get authoritative backlinks to your website. I find the most effective op-ed articles make a single point, embrace the author's personal voice, and then offer specific recommendations. Once you write the article, target online versions of big newspaper and magazine publications for an extremely valuable inbound link. Here are guest publication instructions and guidelines for 11 top media outlets. 23. Partner with companies in complementary industries. It’s common practice for corporate channel partners to link to each other's great content, because they have a vested interest in one another's success. You might consider assessing how much traffic a partner can drive to your website by taking a look at their overall web presence on Alexa and SimilarWeb. These sites can help get a rough idea of traffic, bounce rates, keywords, and sources people are using to find that site, as well as the next action they take after visiting. Read this blog post for more ways to seek out the best brand partnerships. 24. Do some co-marketing. You can also go a step further and build co-marketing partnerships. This means partnering up with another company to promote a piece of content or product, and then sharing the results of that promotion. When you leverage the relationship and reach of a partner, you'll get more links and more buzz with less work. Effective co-marketing doesn't have to be complicated or expensive, either. For example, the folks at a rescue animal shelter called Fur Baby Rescue wanted to leverage BuzzFeed's hundreds of millions of readers. To do this, they partnered with the folks at BuzzFeed to set up and publish an article called, "We Gave Drunk Girls a Bunch of Puppies and There Were Lots of Tears," which you can read here. The article is exactly what it sounds like: A few ladies had a few drinks, and then were surprised with adorable (and adoptable) puppies from Fur Baby Rescue. (Here are more examples of great partnerships to inspire you.) 25. Ask for reviews. You can ask users of your product and industry experts or analysts to review new features you're rolling out, for example. Not only will you receive an inbound link, but you'll also get great feedback and strengthen your relationship with those you asked to write reviews. Don't know where to ask for reviews? Check out our list of the best product review websites for B2B and B2C companies. 26. Make friends with other webmasters in real life. Strengthening your relationship with other webmasters will open the door for relevant inbound link requests when future opportunities arise, and make it more likely those requests don't fall on deaf ears. Networking is an unparalleled skill to have. The wider and more open your network, the more opportunities could be unlocked that you didn't even know existed. Here are 10 helpful tips on networking like a pro to get you started. 27. Search for and monitor mentions of your brand. Contact webmasters about turning those mentions into inbound links, but only when it's warranted -- like when they're citing data of yours, for example. This is a tactic called "link reclamation." Monitor brand mentions by setting up alerts using tools like Mention or BuzzSumo, and adding keywords related to your brand or products. Just make sure you exclude any mentions from your own website within the alert, which you can do in these tools' settings. Here's an email template for reaching out to ask for a link from Barby: Image Credit: Matthew Barby 28. Search for and monitor your competitors' backlinks. Then, find opportunities where you can get similar links. This is a great way to find high-value link opportunities fairly easily. Barby suggests running competitor research like this weekly or monthly to find new opportunities you can take advantage of while they're still fresh. Use a link analysis tool like Ahrefs, Majestic, or Moz's Open Site Explorer to get a list of the backlinks for one of your competitors. Then, check out what types of posts are earning backlinks and benefiting from that off-page SEO. For example, if one of your competitors is writing guest posts for certain publications, there's a high likelihood those publications would be interested in guest posts from you on similar topics. (See #3.) 29. Incorporate "Tweet This" links into your content. Part of getting inbound links is getting your content out to the masses. Including "Tweet This" or "Click to Tweet!" links for tweetable nuggets in your content will get people sharing your content socially more often. The result? Greater visibility in search engines, news feeds, Twitter streams, etc. -- and thus more opportunity for your data to be referenced in other people's content. Here's what one of these links looks like, from this stats roundup post: Researchers found that colored visuals increase people's willingness to read a piece of content by 80%. [Tweet this stat!] You can easily create tweetable links using the ClickToTweet service -- without having to learn any custom code. Click here to learn how to generate ClickToTweet links. 30. Install social sharing widgets. Just like "Tweet This" links get your content out there, so do social sharing buttons and widgets. Put them on your marketing content like case studies, whitepapers, ebooks, and blog posts. 31. Sponsor or speak at an event. Events usually give their speakers and sponsors great website publicity. You can also negotiate inbound links into your terms to be sure your time and resources yield a beneficial inbound link. If you're speaking at an event, make a really awesome, shareable presentation that people will want to find, share, and even link to later. Read this blog post for a start-to-finish guide on nailing your next presentation. 32. Help another webmaster fix an error on their site. Remember when I said you should get to know other webmasters? This is another time those connections will come in handy. When you find broken links on others' sites, let them know (politely, of course), and provide them with a piece of your own content that would be a suitable replacement for that broken link. Be personal, friendly, and helpful, and this could be an opportunity to start building a relationship with that webmaster, too. 33. Give away free trials and sneak-peeks of your product. When people get to see your product beforehand, they will want the world to know they're part of the VIP crowd, and might write a review with a link back to your site about it. There are a few ways to give away free trials. You could create some call-to-action buttons for your website or blog. (Here are 50 free, customizable CTA templates to help you out.) You could also send a new product announcement email to folks who you think might be interested, like current customers. For an example of what a good product announcement email looks like, see #1 in this blog post about marketing emails. Editor's Note: This is a guest post by Corey Northcutt, who manages a Chicago-based inbound agency: Northcutt. There, he has fact-checked 270+ Google ranking factors and authored a 24-module, 1,200-step checklist for a thorough approach to online marketing. This post was originally published in April 2012 and has been updated for freshness, accuracy, and comprehensiveness. Originally published May 11, 2016 8:00:00 AM, updated October 30 2019 Topics: SEO Don't forget to share this post! Related Articles Download for Later Increase Your Traffic Ad Software Blog Software SEO Software Social Media Software Content Management System Connect With Leads Find New Prospects Email Tracking Sales Email Templates Click to Call Your Leads Email Marketing Close and Manage Leads Document Tracking Tool Meeting Schedule Tool Sales Automation Tool Lead Management Tool Pipeline Management Tool Support and Tools HubSpot Partners Join a Local User Group Get a Free Website Report Free Tools & Generators Invoice Template Generator Email Signature Generator Marketing Plan Template Generator Blog Ideas Generator Make My Persona Business Templates HubSpot Templates Contact HubSpot Support Facebook Instagram Youtube Twitter Linkedin Medium Contact HubSpot Support Facebook Instagram Youtube Twitter Linkedin Medium English Deutsch 日本語 Español Português Français Copyright © 2016 HubSpot, Inc. Legal Stuff Privacy Policy

﻿ The Definition of the High Quality Backlink This website or its third-party tools use cookies, which are necessary to its functioning and required to achieve the purposes illustrated in the cookie policy. If you want to know more or withdraw your consent to all or some of the cookies, please refer to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. By closing this banner, scrolling this page, clicking a link or continuing to browse otherwise, you agree to the use of cookies. x Try the tool that makes such in-depth research possible. START YOUR TRIAL NOW Blog Case Studies SEO Insights Social Insights Software Updates Features Site Audit Backlink Analysis Penalty Recovery Rank Tracker SEO Dashboard Content Visibility Marketing Reports SEO API Pricing Case Studies 1.Managing Digital Marketing 2.Increased Rankings in 24 Hours 3.Organic Traffic Doubled Shortly 4.How Content Influences Rankings 5.Google Penalty Recovery 6.Protect Your Site from Penalties 7.Google Webmaster Tools Guide More... Free Seo Tools Site Explorer Keyword tool Google Algorithm Changes The Definition of the High Quality Backlink By Razvan Gavrilas We already read a lot about low quality backlinks and unnatural backlinks. What about the high quality ones? These are the ones that get your site upper and upper in the SERPs, so let’s focus for a minute and see what is so different on a high quality link versus a normal link. From the point of jumping into a new business and landing on the first page in search engine results, there’s a long way. The SEO land is full of bad tips for getting backlinks from spammy websites and working with shady SEO consultant that will bring your in no time on the first page. Which is basically impossible to do in short time, if you want to grow your backlinks profile naturally. The debate about the influence of backlinks in rankings has never ended and evolved around the years. In case you’re a newbie and you want to grow your business, it is important to understand what Google sees as natural links and try to follow their advices and SEO experts tips. Some examples of valuable resources are: Webmaster Central Blog where are published news on crawling and indexing sites for the Google index; Google support where you can find answers for a lot of questions regarding all Google’s products; Google forums where you can find real time advices to your problems from other people using the same Google products as you; cognitiveSEO blog where you can find case studies, guides, SEO insights. Link earning the is the most efficient and valuable technique of building high quality backlinks. It is a white hat technique, and it doesn’t imply the death of link building. For that you need to think in terms of quality content with valuable information, engaging communities through social networking and bonding, personalized user experience, outreach campaigns, influencer marketing programs built on relationships, media exposure in press releases and so on. From a generic point of view the overall important characteristics of a high quality link are: Domain Authority If an important domain has backlinks to your site, there is a good chance that your website has something important to say in your niche. Similar to real life, if an important person mentions you, the overall impression of the listeners will be influenced by his high authority in the field. That way your importance will grow and it can bring an increase in organic traffic, conversion rate. Relevance A relevant backlink is a link that is positioned on a site/page that talks about the same subject, or is in the same niche with your site. The relevance of a link may be given based on the content of the linking site or page and the contextual relevance of the words surrounding the link. Uniqueness A high quality link has even more power, if it’s hard for your competitors to get a natural link from the same source. Links from relevant and authority sites that only talk about your website and not your competitors can be considered great link opportunities because they are unique to your site. A quick example of such a link, would be conference sites that link to the companies and speakers that are participating at that conference. Naturally, not all your competitors can be present at that conference so that is a great place to build some high quality and unique links to your site. Traffic If a link is not clicked, than the initial purpose of the link is voided. It is important to have your link in a visible place on the site so that people click it and therefore drive traffic to your site. For example, footer links can not be considered important as they are only seen by search engine crawlers and are rarely clicked by people. A footer link on a popular domain can have a significant influence on your site and it can help you improve your rankings. On the other hand, multiple footer backlinks to your website from sites that connected with each other can bring you a Google Penguin penalty. From a technical point of view, we can model the properties of a high quality link as follows: Authority From a High Authority Referring Domain. Linking Domain Ranks Well in Google. Linking Domain has a lot of Referring Domains. Relevance In the Same Niche as your site. Links mostly to content in the same niche. Uniqueness Does not link to all of your competitors. Links to Informational sources mostly. Traffic Has a Big Number of Visitors. Has an Active Readership. (if it is a blog) Has Good Social Media Exposure. Other Important Properties In-Content Link. (from a blog or content page) Few Links on the Linking Page. The Site Links only to Relevant Content. Non-Commercial Anchor Text Rich. Non-Sponsored. All of the aspects mentioned above fall into the white hat SEO tactics and this means it respects Google’s Quality Guidelines. Looking forward to your characteristics of a high quality link. What do you think is “the thing” that best differentiates a highquality backlink from an average backlink? *  Photo 1 * Photo Share Tweet Share Written by Razvan Gavrilas He is the proud Founder & Chief Architect of cognitiveSEO, an SEO Toolset focused on in-depth analysis of ranking signals. With over 8 years experience in affiliate marketing and search engine optimization and 12 years in programming and web development, he has gone from Web Developer to Super Affiliate for large international networks. With a strong focus on everything that is Search Engine related, he developed strategies to stand-out search engine updates. His passion for search engine marketing led him to create his own SEO Toolset, trying to solve the issues that he is facing in the search engine optimization field. Categories & Tags: SEO high quality link link building natural link ﻿ 11 Comments. Peter August 12th Great article, good examples of high quality backlinks. Reply mobotak November 11th Backlink building is an integral part of any SEO strategy, serving as the bulk of most offsite optimization strategies since the early 2000s. However, due to aggressive link building, inappropriate link building, and downright spam-level tactics, Google has gradually increased the sophistication of its backlink profile analysis and has refined the way it views backlinks as a means of conveying online authority. A decade ago, quantity meant everything. The sites with the greatest number of backlinks pointing back to them were the ones with the highest domain authority and were the most likely to rank for a given set of keywords. Today, that’s simply no longer the case. In order to get the authority and ranking benefits from a backlink, you must adhere to a strict and often ambiguous series of rules and guidelines that Google implemented through its Penguin algorithm updates. Reply Netss August 17th Short but concise article about HQ BL. Reply Netshore April 29th Great advice to remember and check every time you build your backlinks, Reply Matt LaClear December 14th Just want to say we really appreciate your post as well as your service. With your help we have cleaned up hundreds of penalties for our clients. So we really think you all rock. Reply Ryan Burchey March 1st Simple and concise breakdown of the major components to creating a high quality backlink. Reply sally high March 25th Thank you very helpful Reply Nicky April 24th Hey Razwan, great article! while running an audit, there are four types of links namely high, average, low and no categories. as you said high quality links need to be considered to boost a site’s authority. what about other types of links? how should we consider them ? Reply Cornelia Cozmiuc April 25th Nicky, you should take a look at all of your links, regardless of their authority. Yet, the high authoritative links are the one you should be looking for when it comes to link building 😉 Reply allen September 15th Great post I think that if we can focus on building great quality content also backup with regular quality backlinks then we can easily outrank out competitors, Keep up the good work Reply Sanjan March 5th Search engines want to provide relevance in their search results, and so it’s logical that relevance is a consideration when they evaluate backlinks, which are the primary factor affecting where sites rank in their results. A backlink can be relevant on different levels Reply Leave a Reply! Click here to cancel reply. Your Name: Email: Website (optional): Comment: Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Help & Support Help Center SEO API | Software Updates About & Contact About Us support@cognitiveseo.com Our Latest Research How to Win the Google Answer Box → The Ultimate Guide SEO Writing for Copywriters → The Ultimate Guide 13 SEO Myths That Will Probably Kill Your Ranks in 2020 JavaScript Crawling for Better & More Accurate Site Audits © 2011-2020 cognitive SEO Internet Marketing Tools. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service

9 Best Practices to Generate Backlinks to Your Website | Online Digital Marketing Courses For You Courses For Business Partners About Blog Contact Sign in Download Brochure For You Courses For Business Partners About Blog Contact DMI Daily Digest 9 Best Practices to Generate Backlinks to Your Website Digital Marketing | eCommerce | SEO When it comes to developing backlinks to your brand’s website, it can be frustrating, as it is a process that requires patience, work, and dedication. Gone are the days of simple SEO, where you could insert any link to your website anywhere on the web. For backlinks to be truly successful, digital marketers and copywriters must be conscious about their backlink generating strategy. As one of the traditional Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques, backlinks provide websites with easy ways of increasing their search traffic and rankings on various search engines. However, only high-quality links are needed to generate best-in-class SEO results and increase your website traffic. Since backlinks became a popular way of boosting a site’s SEO rankings, Google has changed how they classify backlinks and how they affect SEO rankings. This means that to build backlinks now, it’s important that site owners and managers work hard to organically grow their backlinks over time. What Are Backlinks? Simply put, a backlink, also known as an external backlink, is when another site owner links to your website somewhere in their content. This could be on a blog post, a service page, or on any other page on a website. Backlinks are important for SEO as the amount of authentic, high-value backlinks that you have backs up the quality of the content on your website. How Can You Generate Backlinks to Your Website? Although it’s near impossible to know the exact algorithm that Google and other search engines use to qualify your content for SEO purposes, there are some best practices that best-in-class site owners and managers use to increase their SEO rankings and generate genuine backlinks to their website. Use the following tips and tricks to generate backlinks and grow your online presence for your website: 1.Allow Others to Credit Their Work for You From web designers to copywriters, entrepreneurs and businesses are always looking to create portfolios to showcase their best and most recent work. Often, these portfolios will have some sort of backlink to your site for viewers to review a service provider’s work. Not only does allowing backlinks from portfolios help enhance the business of the person who helped you make your business better, but it helps you appear higher in Google search rankings. 2. Develop Shareable Content Shareable content is just that – shareable – providing you with the opportunity to have your expertise pushed throughout the Internet and the chance that your website will be linked to multiple web pages and platforms. Whether you decide to create a well-researched blog post, actionable eBook, or valuable infographic, any shared content can be distributed with a call-to-action (CTA) asking content viewers to distribute the content as they see fit. Pinterest is another great way to generate backlinks. Make sure that all of your blog posts, case studies, infographics, and high-value sharable content is linked to your Pinterest board. If an individual finds your work and insights valuable, there is a chance that they will create a backlink when posting the content in a blog post or on one of their web pages. The initial reach out can be done over social media, using hashtags and other methods of targeted distribution to reach people within your niche. 3. Backlink from Your Own Website As another form of shareable content, create well-researched posts that link to other valuable content that fit into a specific niche. For example, creating countdown posts to your favorite CRM tools or travel blogs allows you to link to recognized web content, and creates the opportunity for that respected site to share your post and link back to your website. It’s all about putting your best foot forward when working to generate backlinks, so why not give a shout-out to the products, services, or content creators that help make your daily life better? Additionally, you may choose to do a simple content round-up to compile helpful tips and tricks for a certain topic or concept. If this is the case, you can find timely content using Feedly. Feedly helps you sort through available content to find articles and blog posts that relate to a specific topic or niche. Try creating a content roundup once a week to keep your readers updated on topics of interest, and make sure to link back to all mentioned websites. 4. Write More Guest Posts Guest posts are one of the best ways to showcase your industry expertise while generating high-quality backlinks. Most websites and blogs post a short writer biography at the beginning or end of each post, allowing space for backlinks. Not only does writing guest posts allow you to demonstrate your knowledge, but collaborating with others helps you build a professional rapport and cultivate a brand personality. Reaching out to websites with a large following can be scary, but it will be well worth it if your guest blog proposal winds up being successful! 5. Network Online Whether you’re an online entrepreneur or successful business owner, you’ve probably been given this advice more than once: networking is key to business success. Now, networking has come into the digital realm with sites like LinkedIn and Facebook for business. Networking carries more benefits than ever, with the opportunity to pitch guest blog posts, share valuable content, and even agree to backlink to the website of those you have a close professional relationship within your industry or niche. Networking can be valuable for everyone involved, and allow you to work on your professional communication and online business-building strategy. 6. Get Creative If you want to speed up your backlink development process, it’s time to get creative with your strategies. Shareable content is a high-value, high-return endeavor, so why not use your creativity to start a new project and generate backlinks? Linking to your website on various social media platforms is immensely helpful, but make sure that you use them sparingly, rather than linking to your site in every post you make. If you’re an industry expert, why not use all of your knowledge to share the work that you’ve done for other clients? Case studies and reports on past client work or customer experiences can be freely shared on your social media platforms while demonstrating your expertise and value to potential customers. In the same way that you let your designers and digital service providers promote the work that they’ve done for your website, you can ask that clients share the case study you developed on their project be shared on their social media accounts. Case studies also come in useful when you’re working to land a guest posting deal with a large-scale website, as it shows that you truly care about your work and are proud to share it with others. 7. Collaborate on Creative Projects Collaborative creative endeavors are a great way to build backlinks to your website and reach a wider audience at the same time. Projects like podcasts have become increasingly popular with creatives and business owners alike, as it allows them to share their expertise while linking back to their website in every episode description. 8. Stick with Your Niche Networking and deciding to exchange backlinks can be fruitful for all parties involved, but only when it’s done right. Make sure that you take time to get to know the professional, their business, and how your content can best fit on their website. For example, there’s no point sharing an in-depth case study on a coaching client on a leadership development blog if there are no direct ties. Your niche matters when building backlinks, so make sure that your link sharing practice aligns with your niche to keep a clean “record” and improve your SEO rankings. 9. Conduct Interviews and be Interviewed No matter the industry, interviews are completed on a regular basis to generate shareable content for websites and publications alike. If you’re a good public speaker or have time to type a thoughtful reply to a list of suggested interview questions, this tactic may be a good bet at increasing the number of backlinks to your website. The most important factor in building backlinks is ensuring that every website that you are linked from is just as dedicated to quality content as you are. Although we do not know the exact criteria that classify a website as “quality” or not to Google, it’s impressive what a couple of high-value backlinks can do to improve your SEO rankings. In Conclusion Generating backlinks can be a tedious process, but if you’re dedicated to generating high-quality backlinks on a range of websites and social media accounts in your niche, you can stay in Google’s “good books” and experience an increase in web traffic over time. Remember that the quality of your own website and content goes a long way in relationship building and cultivating professional rapport with other website owners who will potentially backlink to your website. Make your content useful and actionable, target highly rated websites, and continually nurture online professional relationships to generate the types of backlinks that can positively affect your SEO rankings. Learn the tools and technologies needed to meet the challenges of tomorrow with a Professional Diploma in Search Marketing. Download a brochure today! For You Courses New Member Stories Skills Test Support Team Courses Certified Digital Marketing Professional DMI Postgraduate Diploma in Digital Marketing Certified Digital Marketing Master Certified Search Marketing Specialist Certified Social Media Marketing Specialist Certified Digital Strategy & Planning Specialist Certified Social Selling Specialist Business Case Studies Partners Partner Stories Partner Network Company About Global Champions Careers Press Media Get Connected Contact Blog Blog Topics Exam Resources twitter1 linkedin2 facebook1 International International- USAUSD CanadaCAD IrelandEUR UKGBP EuropeEUR AustraliaAUD Sitemap Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © Copyright Digital Marketing Institute 2020. Sign up for our newsletter Gradient Arow

