Milwaukee woman says she was fired for social media posts supporting President Trump
January 16, 2020 5:22 PM
CNN
January 16, 2020 5:22 PM
Updated:
Click here for updates on this story
MILWAUKEE ( WDJT ) — A Milwaukee woman says she was fired for social media posts supporting President Trump.
Robyn Polak says her Facebook comments led to someone leaving a bad review on the page of her former employer, Precision Dental MKE.
Polak says the office manager called her shortly after to let her know she was being let go.
Many of her comments Polak shared with CBS 58 included the slogan “Make America Great Again.”
Others are more colorful, like a meme implying that Barack Obama is the leader of ISIS.
“Do I feel like Obama was the leader of ISIS? Absolutely not,” Polak said. “It’s my freedom of speech. At the end of the day it’s my right to defend how I believe.”
Precision said in a statement:
“Precision Dental MKE respects the privacy of its employees and, as a matter of policy, does not comment on the terms of employment, retention or discharge of any individual employee. We can confirm, however, that no employee has ever been terminated for their political beliefs or their support or opposition of the President or any political candidate.”
Their social media policy states “Many people participate in social networking sites, whether for personal or business purposes. Anything you write or post is your responsibility. Please use common sense as your guide and be thoughtful about what you post. Any posting of any kind that does damage to the practice either directly or indirectly will not be tolerated.”
Nola Hitchcock Cross, an employment lawyer, says the issue is whether Polak’s speech is protected.
“The employer can fire someone for any reason at all, except for an illegal reason,” Cross said.
Firing an employee for age, disability or another protected status is illegal.
Firing an employee for protected speech is also illegal.
Cross says political beliefs are not protected.
She says protected speech includes the subjects of hours, wages and working conditions. For example, an employee sharing they believe the minimum wage should be higher cannot be legally fired.
Cross advises employees to be extremely careful with social media.
Polak says she doesn’t think she did anything wrong, and is seeking an attorney.
Please note: This content carries a strict local market embargo. If you share the same market as the contributor of this article, you may not use it on any platform.
THE-CNN-WIRE™ & © 2020 CABLE NEWS NETWORK, INC., A TIME WARNER COMPANY. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

President Trump hypes record on economy, foreign policy on Milwaukee rally stage
January 14, 2020 10:58 PM
Amy Reid
January 14, 2020 10:58 PM
Updated:
by Amy Reid
MILWAUKEE – President Donald Trump addressed thousands at the UWM Panther Arena in Milwaukee Tuesday night.
In his speech, which lasted more than an hour, Trump talked about his accomplishments while in office, focusing on foreign policy, the economy and appointing federal judges.
“For years you watched as your politicians apologized for America,” he said. “Now you have a president who is standing up for America, and we are standing up for you, the people of Wisconsin.”
On foreign policy, Trump and other members of the Republican Party who spoke focused on the killing of Iranian leader Qassem Soleimani and the democratic response.
“Soleimani was a terrorist and President Trump was right to take him down,” said Vice President Mike Pence during his address.
The airstrike has received sharp criticism from Democrats and some Republican lawmakers.
Trump says Iran’s ‘retaliatory’ attack on U.S. bases in Iraq after Suleimani’s killing were planned before he was killed. He defends the airstrike. He then transitions to the wall on the southern border and insists Mexico will pay for it. #News3Now
— Amy Reid (@amyreidreports) January 15, 2020
People at the rally said they love the president’s record on national security and the economy.
“If you take the emotion out of politics, which is difficult, and you just take a look at where we are with the economy, Trump should be winning in a landslide,” said Jim VanLieshout, a retired banker from Jefferson who went to the rally.
Trump says Wisconsin has reached its lowest unemployment rate, which isn’t true now. Lowest of 2019 was in April (2.8%). In fact, state Republicans just alluded blame of a rising rate (to 3.3%) to Evers when they invited him to the State of the State in December. #News3Now
— Amy Reid (@amyreidreports) January 15, 2020
Trump said the state of Wisconsin has record low unemployment, which was true during his presidency. In April 2019 Wisconsin hit a record low of 2.8 percent unemployment. The last measurement available shows unemployment around 3.3 percent in December 2019.
Trump claims median household incomes have raised $10,000 since he took office, which there is no data to support from what I can find. From the U.S. Census Bureau: “Real median household income in the United States increased 0.8% to $61,937 between 2017 and 2018.” #News3Now
— Amy Reid (@amyreidreports) January 15, 2020
Trump incorrectly stated the median household income has raised $10,000 during his time in office. The U.S. Census Bureau said median household income increased 0.8 percent from 2017 to 2018 to $61,937.
Trump says his call with Ukraine’s president was perfect, then says LBJ was a tough guy. “Lyndon Johnson is probably looking down, well he’s probably looking up…” This was about two sentences after he was talking about keeping respect for the office of the presidency. #News3Now
— Amy Reid (@amyreidreports) January 15, 2020
This was the president’s first stop in Wisconsin during the 2020 campaign year, and his supporters hope he comes back.
“He learned his lesson from 2016, Hillary,” VanLieshout said. “You ignore Wisconsin you may be getting beat, so I don’t think Donald Trump is going to ignore Wisconsin at all.”
COPYRIGHT 2020 BY CHANNEL 3000. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. THIS MATERIAL MAY NOT BE PUBLISHED, BROADCAST, REWRITTEN OR REDISTRIBUTED.

Schiff accuses NSA, CIA of withholding documents on Ukraine
By HOPE YENJanuary 19, 2020 GMT
No give: Trump’s impeachment defense, prosecutors dig in
By LAURIE KELLMANJanuary 19, 2020 GMT
Trump to promote China, Mexico-Canada trade deals to farmers
By DARLENE SUPERVILLEJanuary 19, 2020 GMT
Gun industry gathers amid slumping sales, rising tensions
By LISA MARIE PANEJanuary 19, 2020 GMT
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Gun companies are gathering for their annual conference and trade show this week in Las Vegas at a pivotal moment for the industry amid slumping sales, a public increasingly...
Ukraine call memo
Your browser does not support the iframe HTML tag. Try viewing this in a modern browser like Chrome, Safari, Firefox or Internet Explorer 9 or later.
Davos chief welcomes views of Trump, Greta Thunberg at forum
By JAMEY KEATENJanuary 19, 2020 GMT
US marks King holiday amid fears of deep racial divisions
By COREY WILLIAMSJanuary 19, 2020 GMT
Even as Trump claims two victories on trade, doubts remain
By PAUL WISEMANJanuary 19, 2020 GMT

Sign up to like post
Subscribe
Login Privacy Terms
Share
Bern Notice is a production of the Bernie 2020 campaign. Please forward this on to your friends and tell them to subscribe. The views expressed here are solely of the bylined autho
Environmental groups begged Democrats to block Donald Trump’s disastrous trade deal — but Bernie was the only leading Democratic candidate to stand with them.
As he fought Trump’s trade deal — which passed today — Bernie lauded Sens. Kamala Harris and Chuck Schumer for joining him in the fight. Now that the deal has been sent to Trump’s desk, it illustrates a key contrast in the presidential race, with less than 3 weeks until the Iowa caucuses. Here are some things to remember:
• TRUMP’S TRADE DEAL WILL MAKE CLIMATE CHANGE WORSE: Major environmental groups begged Democrats to oppose Trump’s trade deal. In a letter to lawmakers, the groups noted that the trade agreement “does not even mention climate change, fails to adequately address toxic pollution, includes weak environmental standards and an even weaker enforcement mechanism, supports fossil fuels, and allows oil and gas corporations to challenge climate and environmental protections."
• BERNIE HAS LED THE FIGHT TO STOP TRUMP’S DEAL: While almost every other Democratic presidential candidate touted their support for Trump’s trade deal — and while some of them cast votes for it on the Senate floor — Bernie had the toughness, judgment and courage to oppose it from the beginning. As U.S. News reported, Bernie was “the only candidate on the debate stage Tuesday night to take a stand against President Donald Trump's legislative effort.” By contrast, Joe Biden publicly boosted the trade deal , despite environmental groups begging Democrats to help stop it.
• CLIMATE IS A TOP POLLING ISSUE IN IOWA: Bernie being the only leading 2020 Democrat to oppose Trump’s trade deal positions him to make a powerful climate change argument in Iowa — where polls have shown climate is one of the top-polling concerns among Democratic voters.
• TRUMP PARTICULARLY FEARS BERNIE BECAUSE BERNIE HAS FOUGHT BAD TRADE DEALS:  The Daily Beast this week reported that Trump has become obsessed with Bernie’s rising poll numbers, and he specifically fears Bernie in the industrial states that have been decimated by corporate-written trade deals. Bernie didn’t just oppose Trump’s new trade deal — he has fought deals like NAFTA and the China trade agreement, which candidates like Joe Biden voted for. Bloomberg News previously reported that Biden’s electability argument is undercut by his “decades-long record of backing free-trade deals that have helped hollow out the manufacturing core in several important electoral states.”
Bern after reading,

Voters Split on Whether Trump Should be Removed from Office
January 9-12, 2020
 
A new Florida Atlantic University BEPI poll finds former Vice President Joe Biden                                        with a significant lead in the March 17 Florida Democratic Primary with 42% of the                                        vote, followed by Senator Bernie Sanders at 16%, Senator Elizabeth Warren at 10%,                                        Michael Bloomberg at 7%, Senator Amy Klobuchar at 6% and Andrew Yang at 5%, Pete Buttigieg                                        is at 3%. (Jan 9-12, 2020, MM, n=494, +/- 4.4%).
This is an eight point bump for Biden from the FAU September poll that had him at                                        34%, Sanders saw his vote tick up 2 points from 14% but it is Warren who lost the                                        most support going from 24% in September to 10% in the January poll.
A majority of Democratic primary voters, 54%, said they will definitely vote for their                                        top choice with 46% saying there is a chance they could change their minds and vote                                        for someone else.
Overall, President Trump continues to enjoy a positive approval in the Sunshine state                                        at 45% and 43% disapproval. He continues to be very popular in the GOP with a 66 percentage                                        point lead in a potential primary against two Republican rivals, Trump garners 80%                                        of the vote (n=488, +/-4.4 %).
Florida looks to be competitive in 2020 with the four top Democratic rivals either                                        tied of leading against President Trump in potential head to head general election                                        match ups, a flip from the September poll where Trump has small leads over his rivals.
Overall, voters are split if Trump should be removed from office with 51% saying he                                        should be removed while 49% say he should be removed. Voters are also split about                                        their Congress person voting to impeach the President with 40% saying it will make                                        them less likely to support the candidate with 38% saying they were more likely to                                        support and 21% had no effect.
Sixty-one percent (61%) of voters do not think the US is going to get into a war with                                        Iran while 39% think we will go to war.
Governor Ron DeSantis who has just completed his first year in office is popular with                                        48% approval and 28% disapproval, 25% of voters were neutral or had no opinion. This                                        is similar to his February 2020 approval of 48% and disapproval of 19%.
Methodology
Data was collected January 9-12, 2020 via a mix mode sample with an online panel provided                                        by Dynata (n=432) and a landline sample provided by Aristotle Inc. and collected by                                        IVR (n=853) for a total sample size of n=1,285, +/-2.6%. Data was weighted based on                                        gender, age, education, and ethnicity based on 2016 voter modeling.
 

